Using our website and shopping with us online
These terms and conditions are specific when using our website and shopping with us online.

Information on our website
We try our best to make sure that all information on our website, including descriptions of our products and listed prices are accurate at all times. However, if we do make a mistake we’ll try to resolve it as soon as possible, and if we spot that an error has affected your order we’ll do our best to let you know.

When browsing our website the colours of products may vary depending on a few factors your display settings.

Pictures and images on our website are for illustration purposes only. For an accurate description of any product and details of what is included with the product, please read the product description.

We will do our best to check our website for viruses but we do not warrant that the website is free of viruses or other malicious content.

Product availability
All products are subject to availability and so we may not be able to supply your order. In unforeseen circumstances and with or without notice we may have to stop selling products through IKEA Shop Online either temporarily or permanently.

We will not be liable for any losses you sustain as a result of updating or modifying our website.

Security
Please make sure that your login details, password and all your other account details remain confidential at all times. If you know or suspect that the security of your account is at risk, you should contact us.

Eligibility to order products
You can only purchase from IKEA Shop Online if you are aged 18 or over and a resident of the United Kingdom. You will need an active email address and a telephone number so that we can easily contact you.

All products sold through IKEA Shop Online are intended for domestic use only: products are not suitable for commercial or industrial use unless expressly stated.

Eligibility to order products
You can only purchase from IKEA Shop Online if you are aged 18 or over and a resident of the United Kingdom. You will need an active email address and a telephone number so that we can easily contact you.

All products sold through IKEA Shop Online are intended for domestic use only: products are not suitable for commercial or industrial use unless expressly stated.

Placing your order
Your order counts as an offer to purchase goods from us.

After placing your order, you will receive an Order Acknowledgement email. This contains details of the products you have ordered, the total cost of the order (including delivery) and an order number. It also constitutes the VAT receipt for your product(s).

Order acceptance
Acceptance of your order will take place when we despatch the product(s) to you. Until we despatch the product(s), no contract will have been formed between us.

Although we hope to be able to supply all products ordered, we reserve the right, at our discretion and without the need to give reasons, not to accept any offer at any time. If we refuse your order we will let you know as soon as reasonably possible.

Payment
We accept all major credit and debit cards that you may have, including VISA, VISA Electron, Mastercard, Maestro and American Express. We also accept IKEA Gift Cards, Apple Pay and PayPal payments.

We will take payment from your card at the time you place your order. Taking payment does not mean we have accepted your order and if for any reason we are unable to accept your order we will provide you with a full refund within 14 days.

Pricing
Unless otherwise stated all prices shown at IKEA Shop Online are inclusive of VAT and other applicable taxes. The product prices shown do not include the delivery fee, which will be added to your total order price.

Online
Not all promotions that are offered by IKEA Shop Online will be available in-store, and vice versa. We reserve the right to adjust prices, products and special offers at our discretion.

Pricing errors
If we discover an error in our pricing we will inform you as soon as possible and you will then be given the option of cancelling or re-confirming your order at the correct price.

If for any reason we are unable to contact you using the contact details you have provided we will treat the order as cancelled and notify you by email.

Any cancelled orders will be refunded within 14 days of notice of the cancellation. 